

































Amazon.com.au:Customer reviews: FLEXISPOT EC1 Electric Standing Desk Whole Piece 55 x 28 Inch Desktop Adjustable Height Desk Home Office Computer Workstation Sit Stand up Desk (White Frame + 55&#34; Maple Top, 2 Packages)






































Skip to main content










.com.au









                   Deliver to
                

                   United States
                



















All


Select the department you want to search in

All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Global Store
Amazon Warehouse
Apps & Games
Audible Audiobooks
Automotive
Baby
Beauty
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Computer & Accessories
Electronics
Garden
Gift Cards
Health, Household & Personal Care
Home
Home Improvement
Kindle Store
Kitchen & Dining
Luggage & Travel Gear
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Pantry Food & Drinks
Pet Supplies
Premium Beauty
Prime Video
Software
Sports, Fitness & Outdoors
Stationery & Office Products
Subscribe & Save
Toys & Games
Video Games
Wine, Beer & Spirits






Search Amazon.com.au
























EN





Hello, sign in
Account & Lists



Returns
& Orders



0






        Cart
        






Sign inNew customer? Start here.Your ListsCreate a List Baby WishlistYour AccountYour Account Your Orders Your Recommendations Your Prime Membership Your Memberships & Subscriptions Your Subscribe & Save Items Your Seller Account Your Pets Manage Your Content and Devices Your Music Your Apps & Devices Your Prime Video Your Amazon Drive Your Kindle UnlimitedSign inNew customer? Start here.





All










Sell
Best Sellers
Today's Deals
Prime
New Releases
Music
Gift Ideas	
Books
Fashion
Electronics
Home
Toys & Games
Computers
Gift Cards
Beauty
Video Games
Audible
Sports, Fitness & Outdoors
Home Improvement
Coupons
Health & Personal Care
Subscribe & Save
Automotive
Pet Supplies
Customer Service
Kindle Books



















 












FLEXISPOT EC1 Electric Standing Desk Whole Piece 55 x 28 Inch Desktop...

›


Customer reviews

Customer reviews4.6 out of 5 stars4.6 out of 57,161 global ratings





            5 star
          












            
              77%
            
          







            4 star
          












            
              12%
            
          







            3 star
          












            
              4%
            
          







            2 star
          












            
              2%
            
          







            1 star
          












            
              5%
            
          




FLEXISPOT EC1 Electric Standing Desk Whole Piece 55 x 28 Inch Desktop Adjustable Height Desk Home Office Computer Workstation Sit Stand up Desk (White Frame + 55" Maple Top, 2 Packages)

    byFLEXISPOT

Size Name: 140x70Colour Name: Maple TopChangeWrite a review


                How are ratings calculated?
            

                To calculate the overall star rating and percentage breakdown by star, we don’t use a simple average. Instead, our system considers things like how recent a review is and if the reviewer bought the item on Amazon. It also analyses reviews to verify trustworthiness.
            
See All Buying Options
This page works best with JavaScript. Disabling it will result in some disabled or missing features. You can still see all customer reviews for the product.



Top positive reviewPositive reviews› Benson5.0 out of 5 starsExcellent productReviewed in Australia on 16 October 2023I had an Ikea electric sit and stand desk which is double the price of this and it is nowhere comparable to this desk. This desk has dual motors, the desktop is thicker and stronger and the hydraulic mechanism is way responsive and smoother even the desk has a 19kg piano keyboard and 9 kg monitor + arm combo permanently, plus it has a few memory settings. Highly recommended.

Read more
Top critical reviewCritical reviews› jerry3.0 out of 5 starsAnnoying install. Good desk otherwise.Reviewed in Australia on 8 September 2023Missing screws for the controller. Cable management doesn't fit. Good otherwise.

Read more



        Search by keyword
SearchSort by
  Sort reviews by
Top reviewsMost recentTop reviewsFilter by
  Filter by reviewer type
All reviewersVerified purchase onlyAll reviewers
  Filter by star count
All stars5 star only4 star only3 star only2 star only1 star onlyPositive reviewsCritical reviewsAll starsAll formatsSize Name: 140x70 |Colour Name: Maple TopAll formats
  Filter by media type
Text, image, videoImage and video reviews onlyText, image, video

















    
        
            7,161 total ratings, 1,802 with reviews
        
    
    


There was a problem filtering reviews right now. Please try again later.From other countriespylon5.0 out of 5 stars
Beginners' experience with Process & overall review
Reviewed in the United States on 22 August 2023Size Name: 120x60Colour Name: White TopVerified Purchase
This isn't a sponsored review, I purchased this desk myself at full price. I think this desk was worth it for its value & would definitely purchase it again. I'm a 20-year-old young adult & I'm pretty bad with following instructions however was able to assemble it in about 45 minutes using the instruction manual & video. I advise still reaching out to someone with experience with the assembly process but with perseverance, it is possible alone. The overall build quality is good & feels sturdy, doesn't shake, feels cheap, and or has any flaws from what I've noticed. Thanks, everibodiiiii

2 people found this helpful
Report
Cimone Jackson4.0 out of 5 stars
Sturdy and Stylish Budget Option!
Reviewed in the United States on 4 April 2023Size Name: 140x70 ProColour Name: Maple TopVerified Purchase
Overall, I am happy with my desk! I have the 55 x 28 maple top with white legs. It's a great size if you have multiple monitors or just like a little more elbow room on your desk. I work from home and I'm still in school, so it's a great price point for me and has made my procrastination and back/knee pain decrease substantially lol (your hamstrings will thank you). While it is a bit too high for me at the lowest setting - about 29 inches - I don't mind it too much since I have a dog and he loves to lay under it while I work.The table top is nice and sturdy. Not too thin and not too thick. Perfect for most clamp-on monitor arms and other clamp-on accessories. While my dream desk is an oak Ergonofis, this is the best thing I could find that met my needs and had a similar aesthetic. Hope this was helpful! Will add updates in a few months once I'm settled into my next place and see if I'm still happy with it then.PROS:- ROUNDED CORNERS Y'ALL!- more than enough size for laptop + monitor + nintendo switch dock + keyboard + mouse + plants/decor- great quality for the price- nice and heavy so it feels like a quality product- easy assembly (just read the instructions people)- quick ship time- plenty of size and wood options- can always switch out legs or table top if desiredCONS:- table is still too tall for me (5'2)- it weights over 100 lbs all together so don't try to lift the whole thing by yourself if it's bigger than 40 inches. You WILL need one other person to help with set up and moving it around.- wish the stand reminders were standard on all desks with preset options.

9 people found this helpful
Report
Amazon Customer5.0 out of 5 stars
Easy to put together - Awesome Desk
Reviewed in Canada on 6 October 2023Verified Purchase
I bought this desk for my new office and I didn’t want a big desk but wanted an electric standing desk.  I love the color I chose and it fit perfect in my space and it took me 38 minutes to put together.  It really quiet when you raise and lower it and I love that I can pre-set my standing height and sitting height by a press of a button!I highly recommend this desk and love it so much!


















Amazon Customer

5.0 out of 5 stars

                Easy to put together - Awesome Desk
            


                
                    
                    
                        
                            Reviewed in Canada on 6 October 2023
                        
                    
                
            


            I bought this desk for my new office and I didn’t want a big desk but wanted an electric standing desk.  I love the color I chose and it fit perfect in my space and it took me 38 minutes to put together.  It really quiet when you raise and lower it and I love that I can pre-set my standing height and sitting height by a press of a button!I highly recommend this desk and love it so much!
        


                Images in this review
            












Report
.5.0 out of 5 stars
5 stars for customer service
Reviewed in the United States on 30 June 2023Verified Purchase
This product is great. It arrived in great condition, it works well, and it looks very nice. But I think a lot of reviews have covered that, so I want to talk about FlexiSpot's customer service.I ordered this product in November 2021. It came in two separate boxes and one of the boxes never arrived due to a FedEx mistake. This led to a lot of back and forth between myself and FlexiSpot as we tried to get things sorted out. They sent out another package that also never arrived. Then I asked that they send it out UPS and they did, but that package was marked as delivered and I never received it. They then sent the package again with a signature request to make sure that I did receive it.I'm sure for a lot of people, that would seem like too much hassle, but for me, it demonstrated that I purchased from a company that genuinely cares about customer satisfaction. I am very impressed with the communication I had with the company and the lengths they went to in order to ensure I got what I ordered. If I am ever in the market for something that FlexiSpot sells, I will definitely order from them again.

4 people found this helpful
Report
Justashopper5.0 out of 5 stars
Perfect for Me!
Reviewed in the United States on 7 September 2023Verified Purchase
I don’t usually do reviews, but this desk absolutely deserved one! Not only did I get more than I asked for, but it was better than I expected! The desk is very simple, easy to build, perfect material, extremely quiet when raising up and down, buttons look great, it’s the perfect width, thickness, and look! It’s all I could have ever asked for! Great buy!


















Justashopper

5.0 out of 5 stars

                Perfect for Me!
            


                
                    
                    
                        
                            Reviewed in the United States on 7 September 2023
                        
                    
                
            


            I don’t usually do reviews, but this desk absolutely deserved one! Not only did I get more than I asked for, but it was better than I expected! The desk is very simple, easy to build, perfect material, extremely quiet when raising up and down, buttons look great, it’s the perfect width, thickness, and look! It’s all I could have ever asked for! Great buy!
        


                Images in this review
            















5 people found this helpful
Report
AZM5.0 out of 5 stars
The best desk on Amazon!
Reviewed in the United States on 1 September 2023Size Name: 140x70 ProColour Name: White TopVerified Purchase
This desk is amazing quality. The top is one, thick, very durable plank. The base as well. heavy and sturdy. Very quiet. No flickering. I know, because I have another two-pieces top, which I bought earlier for quite similar price, and it's junk, comparing to this desk.For this price, this is the best desk on the market. Size I bought is 55x28.Highly recommend!!!!


Report
Kevin L. Wilkins5.0 out of 5 stars
Nicer and More Sturdy than Expected
Reviewed in the United States on 6 April 2023Verified Purchase
I bought this table to replace a computer desk in my office. I had been looking at getting the Uplift V2 desk but a friend had purchased the Flexispot EN1 which was similar, but significantly less expensive. After reading lots of reviews on both I decided to go with the Flexispot. I got the 48x30, black frame, and rustic top. PROS: 1) Very sturdy packaging so zero shipping damage (heavy cardboard, custom packaging foam dividers, etc), 2) good build instructions with 3D pictures and labeled hardware (just go slow it's easy to make a careless mistake because you are looking at something wrong), 3) desk is much more sturdy than I expected...no wiggle even when typing, 4) the desk looks and works great.  CONS: The only con I have so far is the minimum height of the desk is higher than advertised. Others had mentioned this so I wasn't totally surprised, but the minimum height is 29" and not 28". This almost caused me to go with the Uplift V2 which goes down to 25", however, I decided it wasn't worth the extra $500. As it turns out, 29" works fine for me ok and I'm not sure I'd ever lower it much further, but just be aware of this. One final comment on installation: use a regular screwdriver rather than a drilldriver. I always do this when working with wood screws, but I can imagine others using a drilldriver and stripping out the holes when attaching the top. There are also a few places in the install where the holes are not predrilled and you need to start the wood screws through the laminate top yourself. I had no trouble doing this with a regular screwdriver but it does take a little extra force. Overall I'm impressed with the quality and functionality of this desk and would definitely recommend it.

6 people found this helpful
Report
InVT5.0 out of 5 stars
Great value, attractive, easy to assemble, and works great!
Reviewed in the United States on 6 September 2023Verified Purchase




                    The media could not be loaded.
                



 Needed an adjustable stand up desk for my office. Found this frame for an excellent price. Reviews were solid, so took a chance. Delivery was within a week, and my partner and his young son put the frame together in approximately 30 minutes. Using leftover 3/4" furniture grade plywood leftover from a house project, I created a 55" w x 26" d desk top and attached it with a drill. The desk adjusts beautifully - simple up and down controls that raise and lower the top smoothly and quietly. I've been using it for a couple of weeks, and so far, so good.


Report
B. Ma4.0 out of 5 stars
Good customer service
Reviewed in the United States on 13 September 2023Size Name: 140x70Colour Name: White TopVerified Purchase
Great table, it's a shame it was damaged in transit. Customer service was very helpful with options for replacement or return. Very quick and responsive customer service


Report
JWP5.0 out of 5 stars
Great Price, works as advertised
Reviewed in the United States on 28 August 2023Verified Purchase
I have had this for about a week.  Assembly instructions could have been clearer but after taking a few things apart and putting them back together the desk is nicely situated in my small workspace.  Goes up and down without too any issues.  I am considering investing in some cable management as the desk does not have any built in, but for the price it was a good choice for me.

One person found this helpful
Report
←PreviousNext page→
Need customer service? ‹ See all details for FLEXISPOT EC1 Electric Standing Desk Whole Piece 55 x 28 Inch Desktop...















                    Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations      ›    View or edit your browsing history     After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.         Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations      ›    View or edit your browsing history     After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.        




    Back to top
  





Get to Know Us


About Us


Careers


Corporate Information


Press Releases


Amazon Science





Make Money with Us


Protect and build your brand


Independently Publish with Us


Sell on Amazon


Fulfilment by Amazon


Drive with Amazon Flex


Advertise Your Products


Associates Program


Host an Amazon Hub





Let Us Help You


COVID-19 and Amazon


Your Account


Your Orders


Delivery Rates & Policies


Returns & Replacements


Manage Your Content and Devices


Help












BrazilCanadaChinaFranceGermanyIndiaItalyJapanMexicoNetherlandsPolandSingaporeSpainTurkeyUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited States
And don't forget:Amazon AdvertisingAmazon Web ServicesGoodreadsShopbop


Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads Notice © 1996-2023, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates



















