

































Amazon.com.au:Customer reviews: FLEXISPOT EC1 Electric Standing Desk Whole Piece 55 x 28 Inch Desktop Adjustable Height Desk Home Office Computer Workstation Sit Stand up Desk (White Frame + 55&#34; Maple Top, 2 Packages)






































Skip to main content










.com.au









                   Deliver to
                

                   United States
                



















All


Select the department you want to search in

All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Global Store
Amazon Warehouse
Apps & Games
Audible Audiobooks
Automotive
Baby
Beauty
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Computer & Accessories
Electronics
Garden
Gift Cards
Health, Household & Personal Care
Home
Home Improvement
Kindle Store
Kitchen & Dining
Luggage & Travel Gear
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Pantry Food & Drinks
Pet Supplies
Premium Beauty
Prime Video
Software
Sports, Fitness & Outdoors
Stationery & Office Products
Subscribe & Save
Toys & Games
Video Games
Wine, Beer & Spirits






Search Amazon.com.au
























EN





Hello, sign in
Account & Lists



Returns
& Orders



0






        Cart
        






Sign inNew customer? Start here.Your ListsCreate a List Baby WishlistYour AccountYour Account Your Orders Your Recommendations Your Prime Membership Your Memberships & Subscriptions Your Subscribe & Save Items Your Seller Account Your Pets Manage Your Content and Devices Your Music Your Apps & Devices Your Prime Video Your Amazon Drive Your Kindle UnlimitedSign inNew customer? Start here.





All










Sell
Best Sellers
Today's Deals
Prime
New Releases
Music
Gift Ideas	
Books
Fashion
Electronics
Home
Toys & Games
Computers
Gift Cards
Beauty
Video Games
Audible
Sports, Fitness & Outdoors
Home Improvement
Coupons
Health & Personal Care
Subscribe & Save
Automotive
Pet Supplies
Customer Service
Kindle Books



















 












FLEXISPOT EC1 Electric Standing Desk Whole Piece 55 x 28 Inch Desktop...

›


Customer reviews

Customer reviews4.6 out of 5 stars4.6 out of 57,161 global ratings





            5 star
          












            
              77%
            
          







            4 star
          












            
              12%
            
          







            3 star
          












            
              4%
            
          







            2 star
          












            
              2%
            
          







            1 star
          












            
              5%
            
          




FLEXISPOT EC1 Electric Standing Desk Whole Piece 55 x 28 Inch Desktop Adjustable Height Desk Home Office Computer Workstation Sit Stand up Desk (White Frame + 55" Maple Top, 2 Packages)

    byFLEXISPOT

Size Name: 140x70Colour Name: Maple TopChangeWrite a review


                How are ratings calculated?
            

                To calculate the overall star rating and percentage breakdown by star, we don’t use a simple average. Instead, our system considers things like how recent a review is and if the reviewer bought the item on Amazon. It also analyses reviews to verify trustworthiness.
            
See All Buying Options
This page works best with JavaScript. Disabling it will result in some disabled or missing features. You can still see all customer reviews for the product.



Top positive reviewPositive reviews› Benson5.0 out of 5 starsExcellent productReviewed in Australia on 16 October 2023I had an Ikea electric sit and stand desk which is double the price of this and it is nowhere comparable to this desk. This desk has dual motors, the desktop is thicker and stronger and the hydraulic mechanism is way responsive and smoother even the desk has a 19kg piano keyboard and 9 kg monitor + arm combo permanently, plus it has a few memory settings. Highly recommended.

Read more
Top critical reviewCritical reviews› jerry3.0 out of 5 starsAnnoying install. Good desk otherwise.Reviewed in Australia on 8 September 2023Missing screws for the controller. Cable management doesn't fit. Good otherwise.

Read more



        Search by keyword
SearchSort by
  Sort reviews by
Top reviewsMost recentTop reviewsFilter by
  Filter by reviewer type
All reviewersVerified purchase onlyAll reviewers
  Filter by star count
All stars5 star only4 star only3 star only2 star only1 star onlyPositive reviewsCritical reviewsAll starsAll formatsSize Name: 140x70 |Colour Name: Maple TopAll formats
  Filter by media type
Text, image, videoImage and video reviews onlyText, image, video

















    
        
            7,161 total ratings, 1,802 with reviews
        
    
    


There was a problem filtering reviews right now. Please try again later.From other countriespenman4.0 out of 5 stars
Excellent standing desk
Reviewed in the United States on 21 September 2023Size Name: 140x70Colour Name: Maple TopVerified Purchase
I like this desk a lot. Its the one with a big single piece wooden slab. So looks really nice. The motor is powerful and quiet enough while bring the desk up and down.It took about an hour and a half to fit it together by myself. I got the 55 inch by 28 inc dimensions and it is really spacious.Only thing that I got me concerned is that once I put together the desk togther and flipped it there is small about (1/3 of an inch) chipped part.Now that I have assembled it I don’t want to disassemble and return. Wished the wood was not chipped on top on a brand new desk. Hence overall 4 star rating.Highly recommend this desk for home office.

5 people found this helpful
Report
Elyse4.0 out of 5 stars
Good price
Reviewed in the United States on 20 September 2023Size Name: 120x60Colour Name: White TopVerified Purchase
Bought the desk in June and it’s been working great for me. Other people I talk to spend $400+ on their standing desk. The box is extremely heavy so you will need help. It ships through FedEx; the people won’t bring it up to your door if you live on the 2nd or 3rd floor and  there is no elevator. I was suprised that I was able to put it together by myself.  The one thing I will say is I recently noticed that the desk has started to wobble. Especially when it is all the way up in standing formation. If you are extremely picky when it comes to wobbling desk I recommend you spend the extra money on a nice desk that will last years to come.

2 people found this helpful
Report
Mindy S.5.0 out of 5 stars
GREAT investment for anyone who does desk work
Reviewed in the United States on 3 September 2023Verified Purchase
THIS DESK IS GREAT!!  I spent several weeks browsing standing desk options online and purchased this one during Amazon Prime days.  One of my office assistants put it together easily - although they were glad they read some of the reviews that mentioned the need for drilling additional holes because the factory-drilled ones didn't align cleanly!  The desk raises and lowers very smoothly, quietly, and quickly.  Programming the presets was a breeze.  It has made such a difference in my lower back and hips to not spend the day sitting in a chair!  Once I'm standing, I'm also more inclined to get steps in and move around more.  I'm so glad I made this purchase.  Do it -- your back will thank you!


















Mindy S.

5.0 out of 5 stars

                GREAT investment for anyone who does desk work
            


                
                    
                    
                        
                            Reviewed in the United States on 3 September 2023
                        
                    
                
            


            THIS DESK IS GREAT!!  I spent several weeks browsing standing desk options online and purchased this one during Amazon Prime days.  One of my office assistants put it together easily - although they were glad they read some of the reviews that mentioned the need for drilling additional holes because the factory-drilled ones didn't align cleanly!  The desk raises and lowers very smoothly, quietly, and quickly.  Programming the presets was a breeze.  It has made such a difference in my lower back and hips to not spend the day sitting in a chair!  Once I'm standing, I'm also more inclined to get steps in and move around more.  I'm so glad I made this purchase.  Do it -- your back will thank you!
        


                Images in this review
            











6 people found this helpful
Report
weronika5.0 out of 5 stars
You can stop your standing desk search here
Reviewed in the United States on 8 October 2023Verified Purchase
I recently purchased this white standing desk from Amazon, and I couldn't be happier. The clean, sleek appearance of the desk complements my workspace perfectly. Assembly was a breeze, which was a pleasant surprise. Overall, it's a fantastic addition to my home office setup - def recommend it!!


Report
Jessica5.0 out of 5 stars
watch the instruction video!
Reviewed in the United States on 5 October 2023Size Name: 140x70Colour Name: White TopVerified Purchase
the desk is great. instructions are simple enough. however I recommend you watch the instructions video rather than only looking at the manual if you're a beginner at assembling stuff like I am. other than that, it works pretty great and it's mostly stable. I love that the tabletop comes in a single piece. I would totally recommend for the price. it's worth noting that the tabletop and the frame are delivered separately, so definitely expect that.


















Jessica

5.0 out of 5 stars

                watch the instruction video!
            


                
                    
                    
                        
                            Reviewed in the United States on 5 October 2023
                        
                    
                
            


            the desk is great. instructions are simple enough. however I recommend you watch the instructions video rather than only looking at the manual if you're a beginner at assembling stuff like I am. other than that, it works pretty great and it's mostly stable. I love that the tabletop comes in a single piece. I would totally recommend for the price. it's worth noting that the tabletop and the frame are delivered separately, so definitely expect that.
        


                Images in this review
            











4 people found this helpful
Report
Stefanie J. Kitchner5.0 out of 5 stars
Extremely pleased
Reviewed in the United States on 11 October 2023Size Name: 140x70 ProColour Name: White TopVerified Purchase
Very sturdy and high quality. I’ve seen standing desks that seem flimsy and cheap. Not the case with this. I’m extremely pleased with the quality, sturdiness, and smoothness of this desk. And it accommodates 2 widescreen monitors and my laptop with space still to work.


















Stefanie J. Kitchner

5.0 out of 5 stars

                Extremely pleased
            


                
                    
                    
                        
                            Reviewed in the United States on 11 October 2023
                        
                    
                
            


            Very sturdy and high quality. I’ve seen standing desks that seem flimsy and cheap. Not the case with this. I’m extremely pleased with the quality, sturdiness, and smoothness of this desk. And it accommodates 2 widescreen monitors and my laptop with space still to work.
        


                Images in this review
            












Report
John5.0 out of 5 stars
Elevate Your Productivity with FLEXISPOT Electric Standing Desk!
Reviewed in the United States on 28 July 2023Size Name: 140x70Colour Name: Black TopVerified Purchase
The FLEXISPOT Electric Black Standing Desk is a game-changer for anyone seeking a versatile and ergonomic workspace. This desk boasts an impressive 55 x 28 inch whole-piece desktop that offers ample room for all your work essentials, allowing you to spread out and work comfortably.The adjustable height feature is a standout attribute, enabling you to effortlessly switch between sitting and standing positions. This promotes better posture, reduces fatigue, and boosts productivity during long working hours.Assembly is a breeze with the desk arriving in two packages, and the clear instructions make the process seamless. The white frame adds a touch of elegance, while the black top complements any home office decor.One of the desk's most remarkable features is its whisper-quiet electric motor, ensuring smooth and noiseless height adjustments, making it suitable for any office environment or shared workspace.The solid construction and high-quality materials ensure durability and stability, providing a reliable and long-lasting investment for your work or study space.What sets the FLEXISPOT Electric Standing Desk apart is the exceptional customer service and warranty offered by FLEXISPOT. Their dedication to customer satisfaction is evident, and it provides peace of mind knowing that your purchase is backed by reliable support.In conclusion, the FLEXISPOT Electric Black Standing Desk is a top-notch, versatile workstation that surpasses expectations. Its spacious desktop, effortless height adjustment, and sturdy construction make it an ideal choice for a healthier and more productive work environment. If you're looking to upgrade your home office setup, this desk is a fantastic investment that will undoubtedly elevate your workspace and enhance your overall well-being.

12 people found this helpful
Report
Alam Mahmood5.0 out of 5 stars
Love the Flexispot product. I got two of them
Reviewed in the United States on 26 September 2023Size Name: 140x70Colour Name: White TopVerified Purchase
It looks super slick, and it's got this modern vibe that totally goes with my style. The up and down navigation works well and love the minimalism.I liked it so much that I got another one for my girlfriend. Setting it up was pretty straightforward, and I didn't have to scratch my head over complicated instructions.If you're considering a standing desk and weighing it against a regular one, especially with their prices being so close now, I'd definitely recommend going for this one. It's a solid choice.


















Alam Mahmood

5.0 out of 5 stars

                Love the Flexispot product. I got two of them
            


                
                    
                    
                        
                            Reviewed in the United States on 26 September 2023
                        
                    
                
            


            It looks super slick, and it's got this modern vibe that totally goes with my style. The up and down navigation works well and love the minimalism.I liked it so much that I got another one for my girlfriend. Setting it up was pretty straightforward, and I didn't have to scratch my head over complicated instructions.If you're considering a standing desk and weighing it against a regular one, especially with their prices being so close now, I'd definitely recommend going for this one. It's a solid choice.
        


                Images in this review
            











5 people found this helpful
Report
Karalee Barbee4.0 out of 5 stars
It’s a great desk
Reviewed in the United States on 14 October 2023Size Name: 120cm TopColour Name: Grey WoodVerified Purchase
This desk is a great desk to work from home with. However, it takes a little longer than five minutes assembly is not that quick so and there’s a lot of parts but I still like it.


Report
H. Tak Cheung5.0 out of 5 stars
Great product and amazing price
Reviewed in the United States on 30 October 2021Verified Purchase
I purchased the Flexispot EC1 Electric Standing Desk, which in my view is of the best value with its 48 in x 30 in desk surface providing more room to set up my dual 27-in monitors with just the right amount of the length of the 48 inch dimension of the desk, but the most significant advantage of this desk, at least for me, is the width of the desk at 30 in (from front to back), giving enough space of using the desk as an generous work space for writing, reading, as well as any task that I need a large surface to work on, particularly with the height adjustment, making it suitable for any projects that might require a standing versus a sitting position, giving this desk immense flexibility for carrying out different tasks in either a sitting or standing position, making it more than a desk for doing computer work.I prefer the standing desk over the standing desk converter, which is powered by a manual hydraulic lifter for multiple reasons, with first and foremost being the lack of working space in the standing desk converter, which is designed with enough space only for a keyboard and a mouse without much extra space, secondly with the difficulties making fine adjustment to the height of the desk, simply because the difficulties in lifting the hydraulic mechanism, and last but not the least that by nature the standing desk converter is not sturdy enough for leaning, which I tend to do after standing for a prolonged period, and consequently, I gave up on the standing desk converter that I purchased and returned the product to the company after testing it for about several weeks, even though it is more economical.After I set up the electric standing desk, I could immediately see the benefits of the desk because of its construction, sturdy and well built, with smoothing and quiet lifting mechanism that is very impressive to observe considering the weight of the desktop itself and the monitors that I placed top of the desk, but the most beneficial features of the desk is the seamless lifting mechanisms allowing adjustment of desk to any height, giving me the best position to work on whether in standing and sitting position, making my working environment more pleasant, pleasurable, and ergonomic for any tasks to be performed on this desk, and for the price of this desk, it is probably the best purchase that I have made for quite some time, and if you do not mind the color of the desk, you can receive a $40 rebate currently on Amazon for a desk with a white top and silver leg posts, which I chose without any hesitation, but still if you are interested in other colors, the costs of the Flexispot standing desk is a bargain in comparison to similar products from other companies.Last but not the least is the service that I have received from Flexispot in taking care a problem that came with the leg post with the motor, which was defective in fitting the leg of the desk with the screws were not long enough to reach the nut on the leg post, and my frustration was communicated to the chat support agent, whom I would like to mention her name being Nina, because she made all the difference in calming me down by patiently providing all the necessary information to help me to resolve the issues in arranging a replacement leg post to resolve the situation, and her kindness and generosity in taking the time in helping me to resolve the problem made all the differences, and for that I would like express my gratitude.In summary, Flexispot makes a great product, other than the problem that I have encountered with the leg post, the desk is strong, sturdy, smooth in lifting and lowering, great height both for standing and sitting, and I like the desk so much, I might consider purchasing another one for my wife's office, something to think about for her next birthday!

17 people found this helpful
Report
←PreviousNext page→
Need customer service? ‹ See all details for FLEXISPOT EC1 Electric Standing Desk Whole Piece 55 x 28 Inch Desktop...















                    Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations      ›    View or edit your browsing history     After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.         Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations      ›    View or edit your browsing history     After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.        




    Back to top
  





Get to Know Us


About Us


Careers


Corporate Information


Press Releases


Amazon Science





Make Money with Us


Protect and build your brand


Independently Publish with Us


Sell on Amazon


Drive with Amazon Flex


Advertise Your Products


Associates Program


Host an Amazon Hub





Let Us Help You


COVID-19 and Amazon


Your Account


Your Orders


Delivery Rates & Policies


Returns & Replacements


Manage Your Content and Devices


Help












BrazilCanadaChinaFranceGermanyIndiaItalyJapanMexicoNetherlandsPolandSingaporeSpainTurkeyUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited States
And don't forget:Amazon AdvertisingAmazon Web ServicesGoodreadsShopbop


Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads Notice © 1996-2023, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates



















