

































Amazon.com.au:Customer reviews: FLEXISPOT EC1 Electric Standing Desk Whole Piece 55 x 28 Inch Desktop Adjustable Height Desk Home Office Computer Workstation Sit Stand up Desk (White Frame + 55&#34; Maple Top, 2 Packages)






































Skip to main content










.com.au









                   Deliver to
                

                   United States
                



















All


Select the department you want to search in

All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Global Store
Amazon Warehouse
Apps & Games
Audible Audiobooks
Automotive
Baby
Beauty
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Computer & Accessories
Electronics
Garden
Gift Cards
Health, Household & Personal Care
Home
Home Improvement
Kindle Store
Kitchen & Dining
Luggage & Travel Gear
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Pantry Food & Drinks
Pet Supplies
Premium Beauty
Prime Video
Software
Sports, Fitness & Outdoors
Stationery & Office Products
Subscribe & Save
Toys & Games
Video Games
Wine, Beer & Spirits






Search Amazon.com.au
























EN





Hello, sign in
Account & Lists



Returns
& Orders



0






        Cart
        






Sign inNew customer? Start here.Your ListsCreate a List Baby WishlistYour AccountYour Account Your Orders Your Recommendations Your Prime Membership Your Memberships & Subscriptions Your Subscribe & Save Items Your Seller Account Your Pets Manage Your Content and Devices Your Music Your Apps & Devices Your Prime Video Your Amazon Drive Your Kindle UnlimitedSign inNew customer? Start here.





All










Sell
Best Sellers
Today's Deals
Prime
New Releases
Music
Gift Ideas	
Books
Fashion
Electronics
Home
Toys & Games
Computers
Gift Cards
Beauty
Video Games
Audible
Sports, Fitness & Outdoors
Home Improvement
Coupons
Health & Personal Care
Subscribe & Save
Automotive
Pet Supplies
Customer Service
Kindle Books



















 












FLEXISPOT EC1 Electric Standing Desk Whole Piece 55 x 28 Inch Desktop...

›


Customer reviews

Customer reviews4.6 out of 5 stars4.6 out of 57,161 global ratings





            5 star
          












            
              77%
            
          







            4 star
          












            
              12%
            
          







            3 star
          












            
              4%
            
          







            2 star
          












            
              2%
            
          







            1 star
          












            
              5%
            
          




FLEXISPOT EC1 Electric Standing Desk Whole Piece 55 x 28 Inch Desktop Adjustable Height Desk Home Office Computer Workstation Sit Stand up Desk (White Frame + 55" Maple Top, 2 Packages)

    byFLEXISPOT

Size Name: 140x70Colour Name: Maple TopChangeWrite a review


                How are ratings calculated?
            

                To calculate the overall star rating and percentage breakdown by star, we don’t use a simple average. Instead, our system considers things like how recent a review is and if the reviewer bought the item on Amazon. It also analyses reviews to verify trustworthiness.
            
See All Buying Options
This page works best with JavaScript. Disabling it will result in some disabled or missing features. You can still see all customer reviews for the product.



Top positive reviewPositive reviews› Benson5.0 out of 5 starsExcellent productReviewed in Australia on 16 October 2023I had an Ikea electric sit and stand desk which is double the price of this and it is nowhere comparable to this desk. This desk has dual motors, the desktop is thicker and stronger and the hydraulic mechanism is way responsive and smoother even the desk has a 19kg piano keyboard and 9 kg monitor + arm combo permanently, plus it has a few memory settings. Highly recommended.

Read more
Top critical reviewCritical reviews› jerry3.0 out of 5 starsAnnoying install. Good desk otherwise.Reviewed in Australia on 8 September 2023Missing screws for the controller. Cable management doesn't fit. Good otherwise.

Read more



        Search by keyword
SearchSort by
  Sort reviews by
Top reviewsMost recentTop reviewsFilter by
  Filter by reviewer type
All reviewersVerified purchase onlyAll reviewers
  Filter by star count
All stars5 star only4 star only3 star only2 star only1 star onlyPositive reviewsCritical reviewsAll starsAll formatsSize Name: 140x70 |Colour Name: Maple TopAll formats
  Filter by media type
Text, image, videoImage and video reviews onlyText, image, video

















    
        
            7,161 total ratings, 1,802 with reviews
        
    
    


There was a problem filtering reviews right now. Please try again later.Translate all reviews to English
From other countries




Monica 5.0 out of 5 stars
Muy útil
Reviewed in Mexico on 2 October 2023Verified Purchase
Me gusto su tamaño y que se eleva sin problema, fácil de armar


Report
Translate review to English




Mayra5.0 out of 5 stars
Mejor compra que he hecho
Reviewed in Mexico on 21 September 2023Verified Purchase
Me gusto mucho mi nueva estacion de trabajo, es muy facil armarlo, solo asegurate de leer bien las intrucciones, trae las herramientas asi que solo te preocupas por seguir las intrucciones. Me encanto!

One person found this helpful
Report
Translate review to EnglishCali Gal4.0 out of 5 stars
LOVE
Reviewed in the United States on 30 September 2023Size Name: 140x70 ProColour Name: White TopVerified Purchase
After reading a ton of reviews and watching youtube videos I finally decided on this Flexispot desk and I LOVE IT! I would have given it 5 stars but the SET UP was horrible. your definitely going to need at least 2 people .. in my experience anyway .. I could have not done this alone. it took about a couple of hours. The package does come in two separate packages. one for the top base and one for the legs. I think when it came time to connect the legs with the top thats when it became a struggle because the holes was not lining with the legs then we realized the main part that connects to the legs does pull on both sides to align. It was a struggle.. but nonetheless I love it. I love that I can sit and stand .. mines only go to 28.8 which is the lowest. I wish it went just a tad bit lower because my seat is at its highest and I feel like my arms are not quite over the desk like I would want them btw im 5’4. I got the 55’ both my computer screens and laptop fit and I also have extra space for my whatnots, pictures etc. Its not cluttered at all and I really just love the space. I got the white on white and it looks very classy, modern and brightens the room! i say buy it !! It really is a gem once you get it set up.

3 people found this helpful
Report
Fauxfyr5.0 out of 5 stars
Not an Apex, but still really, really good
Reviewed in the United States on 7 October 2023Size Name: 140x70 ProColour Name: Mahogany TopVerified Purchase
I own an Apex adjustable desk I love and use every day, but couldn't justify another one for the crafting/guest room. I saw this and took a chance.Pros:Nice color choicesSturdy and steadyOne piece topProgrammableQuietSmoothCons:Instructions could have been a little clearer. I could figure them out but there were a few sketchy bits.Came in two boxes two days apart, but on the same tracking number. Wait a couple of days if you only get one box.Perfect for that place where you only use it a few days a week, but I have no doubt it could be an every day desk. Great size, great quality. I'd buy another in a heartbeat if I needed one.


Report
Bob5.0 out of 5 stars
Attention: instructions have been corrected, and are up-to-date
Reviewed in the United States on 16 October 2023Size Name: 140x70 ProColour Name: White TopVerified Purchase
I made sure to read everyone’s review before I bought this desk, and I was incredibly prepared with all of my notes and screenshots for a confusing instruction manual but to my very happy surprise, they have corrected all the errors, included all the holes in the table that need to be there, And made things much easier for us. The only two drill holes I had to make were for the attachment to the crossbeam. I would say that you could probably make the holes by just screwing into the table without making a hole with the drill beforehand. Very happy with my purchase, will be back in a month with an update.


Report
tjoyc5.0 out of 5 stars
Great adjustable desk with clean look and smooth operation
Reviewed in the United States on 20 September 2023Verified Purchase
The bamboo top is smooth and the curved edge looks wonderful. It is a nice feature that allows you to scoot up to the desk as needed. The lift and lower mechanism works well, is quiet, and has four options to set the heights you want.Assembly was not hard and the directions were clear for the most part. Parts are marked. It would be nice if the directions could add an indicator of what position the desktop should be in when assembling. If the desktop is rectangular it doesn’t matter. But with a curved edge, it does matter.Now I need to find some options for gathering cords so they don’t show under this great desk!

One person found this helpful
Report
NH Mom5.0 out of 5 stars
Great and affordable desk.
Reviewed in the United States on 15 September 2023Verified Purchase
This is my second Flexispot desk for the family.First: This comes in two boxes. The top is shipped separately, so if you get one box with hardware and legs, wait another day or two.Second: Assembly isn't too bad, but the top is about 45 lbs and may require a second set of hands to help assemble.Third: This particular one replaced a small child's desk that was given to me as a high school graduation gift way back in the age of Aquanet. This has much more work space and fits todays computer and monitor needs much more effectively.Fourth: Customer service actually exists for this product. Had an issue with first one not going up/down. Tech support was actually available and they told me how to fix the issue. Worked great and haven't had an issue since.Finally: This is a great product for a very reasonable price. Looks great and doesn't feel cheap.

5 people found this helpful
Report
Erick C4.0 out of 5 stars
Good value for what you get
Reviewed in the United States on 8 September 2023Size Name: 140x70 ProColour Name: White TopVerified Purchase
We contemplated getting just sit-stand legs and buying a top locally from home depot or something but my daughter didn't want a butcher block table top. This was by far the best compromise on size (good width and depth) and still get a solid single piece top anything larger and the desk top would come in multiple pieces. Trust me; we LOOKED. Some desks were too shallow 24" and desks that came with a depth of 30" inches weren't as wide.Assembly was REALLY easy, yes it helps to get someone else to help you but I managed to get it all done in about an hour (I was taking my time) and by the second hour we had my daugher's monitor mounts assembled. I bought this and the COYACOOL Under desk cable tray to help with wire management and we got a white monitor and laptop mount. She loved it. and the sit stand is SUPER useful; it has quite a large range. My son was uber jealous but he would never admit it.... Hell, I was a little jealous.Overall, a good buy.

6 people found this helpful
Report
Kyle L.5.0 out of 5 stars
Best desk I've ever had
Reviewed in the United States on 23 August 2023Size Name: 140x70 ProColour Name: White TopVerified Purchase
This is my first product review, after purchasing a ton of Amazonian things. That being said, I wanted a standing/sitting desk where I could simply push a button, and have either. This desk does exactly that. When I feel lazy, I push a button, and the desk automatically cruises down to my perfect seat height, and when I feel like I need to stand and face my disorderly code head-on, then I push a button and it raises to my perfect standing height. I'm a programmer, and a restless soul, and if you're anything like me, then this is the desk for you.The desk itself is quite easy to assemble, regardless of the reviews I've read. It comes with the necessary tools to put it together, and if you have a battery-powered drill, it will make your life easier although not totally necessary.I'm also a bit of an animal, so I lean on the desk when it's fully standing, and it doesn't give, wobble, or complain. It's a rock. The motorized mechanism is very quick and quiet when it's doing it's thing, and you can program the buttons to your exact preferences. I honestly couldn't have designed it better myself.This desk is beautiful, solid, and well built. My wife is supremely jealous with her boring stationary Ikea desk.. Though she'll never admit it, I'll eventually make a second purchase.If you're looking for a dynamic standing desk, this is the one.


















Kyle L.

5.0 out of 5 stars

                Best desk I've ever had
            


                
                    
                    
                        
                            Reviewed in the United States on 23 August 2023
                        
                    
                
            


            This is my first product review, after purchasing a ton of Amazonian things. That being said, I wanted a standing/sitting desk where I could simply push a button, and have either. This desk does exactly that. When I feel lazy, I push a button, and the desk automatically cruises down to my perfect seat height, and when I feel like I need to stand and face my disorderly code head-on, then I push a button and it raises to my perfect standing height. I'm a programmer, and a restless soul, and if you're anything like me, then this is the desk for you.The desk itself is quite easy to assemble, regardless of the reviews I've read. It comes with the necessary tools to put it together, and if you have a battery-powered drill, it will make your life easier although not totally necessary.I'm also a bit of an animal, so I lean on the desk when it's fully standing, and it doesn't give, wobble, or complain. It's a rock. The motorized mechanism is very quick and quiet when it's doing it's thing, and you can program the buttons to your exact preferences. I honestly couldn't have designed it better myself.This desk is beautiful, solid, and well built. My wife is supremely jealous with her boring stationary Ikea desk.. Though she'll never admit it, I'll eventually make a second purchase.If you're looking for a dynamic standing desk, this is the one.
        


                Images in this review
            











11 people found this helpful
Report
Andrew P. Scott5.0 out of 5 stars
Couldn't ask for a better desk on a budget
Reviewed in the United States on 20 June 2023Verified Purchase
Bought this desk on the recommendation of a friend who's owned another model for about 3 years now. After his rave reviews and my lack of movement during my 14 hour day job, I decided to finally bite the bullet and shell out the cash for a standing desk. I got this model after looking at several different options. Other models, for example had a more complex set up and assembly that required lots of time. I love the 5 minute assembly of this one. Granted, it took more than 5 minutes (more like 30) but it was super easy.The only reason that I don't give this 5 stars for assembly is that after I put it together, it was uneven. I was frustrated but figured I could live with it. I reached out to the seller through Amazon on a weekend and got a response first thing Monday morning (on a holiday no less!) They gave me instructions on how to calibrate the legs which required me taking it apart again and doing so. It really wasn't hard to do, I just wish they would have been calibrated out of the box. Now with it being balanced I don't really have a sturdiness issue anymore. I even used the "cable tray" which is about the size of a laptop to rest my laptop in so I don' have to house it on the floor or on the desk itself. It makes for a very clean setup.All this and I couldn't forget the price point. Other "quality" standing desks are somewhere in the range of $400-$600+. This one was right at around $200 thanks to a coupon that I was able to clip for massive savings. I'm not the biggest fan of buying large purchases through Amazon but this one did not disappoint. I HIGHLY recommend if you're looking for your next (or first) standing desk. You will not be disappointed, just remember if you get this model, make sure the legs are even BEFORE you put it all together.

3 people found this helpful
Report
←PreviousNext page→
Need customer service? ‹ See all details for FLEXISPOT EC1 Electric Standing Desk Whole Piece 55 x 28 Inch Desktop...















                    Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations      ›    View or edit your browsing history     After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.         Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations      ›    View or edit your browsing history     After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.        




    Back to top
  





Get to Know Us


About Us


Careers


Corporate Information


Press Releases


Amazon Science





Make Money with Us


Protect and build your brand


Independently Publish with Us


Sell on Amazon


Drive with Amazon Flex


Advertise Your Products


Associates Program


Host an Amazon Hub





Let Us Help You


COVID-19 and Amazon


Your Account


Your Orders


Delivery Rates & Policies


Returns & Replacements


Manage Your Content and Devices


Help












BrazilCanadaChinaFranceGermanyIndiaItalyJapanMexicoNetherlandsPolandSingaporeSpainTurkeyUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited States
And don't forget:Amazon AdvertisingAmazon Web ServicesGoodreadsShopbop


Conditions of Use & Sale Privacy Notice Interest-Based Ads Notice © 1996-2023, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates



















